Canadian banks are caught redhanded
intentionally stealing from clients.
Guiltridden employees speak out against
the tyranny of the banking
establishments and fully disclose their
actions. You came here for the truth.
Today we are going to look at the
Canadian banking industry. But I assure
you, no matter what country you are
from, the same thing is going on there.
Let's get into this right
away. Problem that exists in the
financial industry and that is
incentivebased sales. No longer are
there people working in your best
interests. There are simply salesmen
that have the interest of the banks and
thereby the shareholders in mind. I'm
going to cover this entire article. It
is huge. It is bombshell. I want to
cover it as quick as possible. Let's get
into it right away. Stay with me because
I know this is so so important.
Financial investment insiders are
speaking out about what they say are
weak regulations that allow the industry
to
ignore the client's interests, steer
them into expensive products, and
collect billions from people's savings
every year. Look, if it was happening at
one particular bank or it was happening
just, you know, here and there, we could
say that this doesn't need to be looked
at any further. Those issues just need
to be addressed singularly. But it's
not. It's the entire industry. All of
the banks are coming out and saying that
this is happening. And you don't need to
be a genius. You don't need to be a
soothsayer. You just need to understand
the way the business works. And it's
very simple.
Profits. Profits are number one. Does
that ring a bell? Go public has heard
from hundreds of people in the industry,
most of them, the big banks, who say
they're pushing products and selling
investments that protect their jobs or
pay the highest interviews say this
happens because Canada still lacks the
laws that require the vast majority of
people giving financial advice to act in
their clients best interest. Wait a
minute. I was told that this individual
was going to get me what I need, but
unfortunately that's not the case. I
defin This is a quote. I definitely sold
things that the people didn't
need
95% of the time. That's a financial
services manager recently quit. He could
no longer stomach putting up with the
bank's interest ahead of those clients
that she had. This is amazing. And I'm
I'm very happy to hear that individuals
are getting out. I don't know where
they're
going, but at least they're getting out.
And I'm going to be scrolling through
this. This is huge. It's so huge. CBC
News is concealing the identity. Other
insiders because they're still working
in the finance industry. Okay. The
former employee says she feels
guilty about putting, check this out, an
85year-old customer who is in poor
health into a mutual fund owned by the
bank after her manager urged her to do
it for her sales
revenue. That's just the way it is. You
know, I talked about this in a recent
video because it started coming out, but
now this goes into much more detail
about what they are doing. Mutual funds
are generally recommended as long-term
investments. So customers can basically,
you know, if there's any crashes or
something, it's not going to be a
problem. When I came home, I just kept
questioning myself. If this was my own
grandfather father, I wouldn't do this
to him. So why would I do it to this
guy? The
client, this quote here is huge. This
tells it all. The client always comes
last. Does that ring a bell to you? A
former Scotia Bank employee who left the
company in 2015 said he put the bank's
interest first all the time. All the
time. Now maybe you could say, "Look,
you want to be a good
employee for your company. If you want
to work hard in this way, you want to do
your 9-to-f5, you want to do good for
your company. They hire you, they give
you your benefits and all this thing,
but not when it comes to screwing over
the client as a result." that I don't
agree with. No way. It just makes me
sick the way the clients come last. As
an example, he said he was told to quote
the pre-approved mortgage rates to
clients knowing that they were the best
the bank could offer.
Whoa. Can you believe it? I can. The
banks offering clients the highest
possible rate they'll take so that this
bank can make a higher profit on their
mortgage. And that's simply the way it
is. We know
that. He says it was also pressured to
sign customers up for Scotia Bank credit
cards when they already had debt on
their other card. A practice he said
contributes to the Canadian struggling
mounting credit card debt. How many
times have you been offered a credit
card? How many times have you been
offered an increase in your credit limit
when you don't need that? Some people
want it, but they just force it upon
you. I don't know why better protection
for customers wasn't brought in years
ago. Canada is in the dark ages. When
asked for a comment, Scotia Bank didn't
address the allegations, but said is
proud of his employees and the
determination to put our customers at
the center of everything they do. Calls
for stronger protection. Most investment
advisors, so this is what I wanted to
get
to and I didn't know this. Most
investment advisors in Canada are
actually salespeople. That I knew only
advisors are spelled with an
E. Now, that caught me off guard. I
didn't realize that they have a legal
duty to act in a
client's best interest which is why the
Canadian Foundation for advancement of
investor fair rights
uh investor rights is calling on the
industry regulators across the country
something called the statutory best
interest standard and it goes
on advisor with an E is a legal duty but
that's not how they spell
And you really think about that, what
the heck is going
on. Right now, the financial industry is
subject to suitability standard, which
is not a very high standard. So, for
instance, an investment product may be
suitable for a client in that it's a
medium risk, but it may have very high
fees. So, a financial advisor is
probably not giving you the best advice
and doesn't have to. the same
questionable compensation arrangements
and incentives. Look, an individual that
works in the bank has one thing in mind
and that is his paycheck so that he can
pay his bills for his family, for his
own
livelihood. I can understand that,
absolutely. But when you're straight out
lying to people in order to have this
happen, Houston, we have a problem. And
this is the type of thing that has been
going on for, you know, however long in
history. There's no telling how long.
Now, you as an individual may make money
in this case, but people, not you and I,
who are on here who are, you know, we
have a a decent handle on what's going
on in the financial system. Most people
that go in there, they don't know.
That's why they're going to see the
financial
advisors. They think that, you know,
they're getting their money, their
savings, they've accumulated some, and
they don't want to keep it in the bank.
They want to make a little money on it.
So, they give it to the financial
advisors who promise that they can give
them these guaranteed returns over the
medium-term, long-term, what have you.
And this is unfortunately uh become a
very big problem because we have seen
that while the stock market has gone up
the often times the mutual funds do not
perform nearly as well and this becomes
a very uh big issue when you have to
figure where's all that money going and
the money of course goes directly into
the hands of the banks of the investment
institutions. They do not have your best
interest at mind. They have number one
the
salesperson so-called advisor and then
it goes to the banks and of course the
shareholders because corporate profits
are the name of the game. If I move on
to this connected article, deceptive
employee titles, a recent report by the
Small Investor Protection Association
found that there are, check this
out, 121,000 people registered as
financial professionals in Canada. The
vast majority are registered as dealing
representatives,
salespeople licensed to sell financial
investments. But check this out. Only
4,000 of these registered financial
professionals have a fiduciary duty, a
legal obligation to act in the client's
best
interest. 4,000 of 121,000. So
essentially, if you're giving your money
to somebody, they do not have your best
interest and
mind. This is a fact. This is now
documented proof. And people need to
wake up and realize this fact. When I
told you in the beginning many years ago
back since 2011 but documented proof in
black and white writing
2012 I explained this very clearly broke
it all down explained the system and we
need to know specifically that is broken
and that it is sucking off of you
siphoning off every bit that it can. It
does so through inflation. It does so
through these bailins which are coming
through taxation. It is doing so through
fees on our accounts. It is doing so
through every single means and now
through literal
theft that's happening at this level.
in my
book, the back of the book and in the
inside of the book, but right on the
back, if you rely on the government or
money
managers who do not have your best
interest in mind, you will not succeed.
If you invest purely for your own good,
you can stick to the principles, apply
the formula, and achieve wealth
regardless of the economic conditions.
That's what I put on my book because I
truly in my heart believed it and I
wanted it to be right there. So I do
appreciate everyone who has read this
book and who have told me
that in those words. If you found this
video informative, please give me a
thumbs
up. And if you found the video
informative, I know you will find my
book, The Money GPS, and my new book,
Global Economic Collapse, even more
informative. The first book gets into
the asset classes, how to profit from
them. The new book gets into reducing
your monthly expenses, becoming
self-sufficient, and essentially what I
call the money GPS strategy. The two of
them together are very p uh very
really they're very powerful and they're
very
descriptive and they just get into every
single nook and cranny that they have
never taught us. This is the financial
education that we need and it is my goal
to bring that out there. So please do
what you can get this information in
your heads and understand what is going
on. The financial industry is very very
dangerous.